hello dear friends dear
colleagues with you svetlana falcon
you are on my channel and welcome i
once already shot a master class
I have one color gel varnish
already told you you can go by
link which I leave under the video and
watch this workshop I did on
pens and you can see how this
gel polish
I have only one look on the handles
color if I find a link to the Internet
shop must also leave under
video
This is the trademark number of color and
Miguel 018 and I ordered only one
because it didn't seem like it was that
are on site
they almost resemble each other and
differ in some small and
nuances
For the experiment, I took this one
this gel polish also has two of these
sprocket magnet
and oblique lines there is another magnetic
the system I bought it in another
online store it is cheap
here are three magnets and she
more comfortable in the work you do not need
will be hung to keep the magnet and you
install client finger on
special substrate and install
magnet and keep it on the same
distance about the same time
for example i am reading up to 25
then removing the magnet and fixing it in
the lamp here on the samples I put two
layer
1 layer applied and listening and then
the second layer my carried
and applied magnetic system magnets
is there any visible on camera that is
small little red sparkles but they
somehow barely barely noticeable and do not rush into
eyes i have customers who love
soft low-key colors and I suggested
they are such a gel lacquer most
of them immediately see the light talked about not
Nanda what is he gray uninteresting but
after i applied magnetic
systems were all satisfied
left saying just did not expect that
such a beautiful effect will turn out and when
came and again for the correction then every
of them talked about that and acquaintances
colleagues at work everyone noticed this
unusual design and did a lot a lot
compliments so i recommend you
purchase at least one such color and
try why am i right now
fixated on this gel polish and
now he talks on it first
it dries in ice lamp and ultraviolet
lamp
he doesn't have enough stickiness even
you can not overlap the finish but I'm still
overlap he removed method
dissolving well worn like on
natural and artificial
nails and now i want you
demonstrate the effect of which can
to say she invented herself nowhere
looked well hope you like it
You can diversify and offer more
more interesting designs
it is with this magnetic varnish with this
You can get a magnetic varnish like this
the effect in my opinion is global
different from what I showed you
Initially , such an effect
here
For example, I think many of you
guess what you can use these
designs how to wear them yourself
and how the basics of pore design and how are they
let's do the same with you
do some of these leg.
I will use gel polish trading
brand formula pro
number 206 you can use any
gel polishes can use gel
paint all you like land in the lamp
2 minutes dried gel Polish it does not have
residual stickiness but i still
patrolman is ready to degrease
can be wiped with alcohol
determine the means for degreasing
nails without acetone before applying
gel varnish you mix it well
now put a thin layer on the nail
but carrying a magnetic gel polish and now
apply magnet set magnet like
can be lower and try not to move it out
side to side I notice about 35
seconds
land in the lamp 2 minutes will perform another
the sample with the help of such a bright
neon color
mozart house which is called and
Neon green nail on the camera is not
looks so bright like in life on
In fact it is much brighter and on the street
will be even brighter but nevertheless I will put
2 thin layer applied a second color
bright gel and now take off
residual sticky don't let you scare
the fact that I remove the stickiness is no
way will not affect wearing
leg . now do not carry a thin layer
magnetic gel polish in this case like me
already said i used green gel
so dissolve this mega points not
it will turn out to be necessary
file down and so i recommend already on
simulated
nails cause such a design caused
magnetic gel polish and now use
I hold the magnet for about 35 seconds
Magnet need foot .
dry in the lamp for 2 minutes dried both feet
.
as the gel varnish residual moment
stickiness and it can not overlap
gel finish
it's up to you the brighter
will be the basis the brighter your
nail
and as I said this visa you can
wear as yourself so
use under the basis for the design of the
on top you can now anything
draw or are you kind of ark if you
I liked this master class and it turned out
do not forget to put your fingers
as well as subscribe to my video channel
if you are not yet signed and see you
very very soon in the following videos with
you were svetlana falcon
bye Bye